**Why did we fail to use Logiwa Putaway algo?**
For a few reasons: Logiwa Legacy had limited configurability and didn't allow changes to be made in real-time. We were forced to create support tickets if algo updates were required, which could take several days. Rule visibility was also a concern as there was no way to see the backend configs that Logiwa ostensibly implemented -- testing/validation of new rule sets delayed things further. When sites began inbounding new volume/merchants, the put-away recommendations became inaccurate because they weren't capacity-aware. Optimizing for put-path ie using walking path priority alone, without capacity-awareness, leads to sub-optimal results. At the time (~2024), product dims accuracy was poor, which compounded the issue. In Logiwa legacy, separate zone sets for put-away and picking also caused the "zone-affinity" approach to fail. For this method to work, there has to be perfect symmetry between the two - this was more of a Logiwa limitation. Logiwa IO solves some of the gaps but the put-away UI/UX introduces several unnecessary touches (these are in the process of being fixed in Q1 based on Flexport's feedback).

**Should we consider qty as an input to the putaway rules engine?** 
Volumetrics will be used to find the closest candidate location that fits all items in a case. In MVP, because we don't account for compressibility and orientation factors yet, we optimize for max absorption first. This should also help reduce total travel time.

Can stowers override Constraints? 
How to make sure the remaining units prioritize the last stow location (vs the recommended locations per the putaway rules)? 
